Add hint for qgis_process usage on systems without window manager (#8351)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing/standalone.rst

  in their :file:`metadata.txt` file are recognized and can be activated
  or loaded by qgis_process tool.

> .. hint:: Before calling qgis_process on a system without window manager (e.g. a headless server),
>     you should set::
> 
>      export QT_QPA_PLATFORM=offscreen

Author: Thanks for your diligence @m-kuhn 
> It would be great to test if layout printing works

Not clear to me why you are referring to layouts here... but I confess that I may miss the big picture.
I'm afraid I can't do the testing. Maybe @mhaelsig you could give a feedback?
In the meantime, here is the other alternative (IIUC)
```suggestion
.. hint:: On a system without window manager (e.g. a headless server), you should run::

     xvfb-run qgis_process
```
